eons of new gadgets top the yen I am
here in Cologne Germany at the Gamescom
2014 having a look at the new Acer
Aspire v17 nitro in the Black Edition so
this is the high-end version of this V
17 nitro and let's have a quick look at
the specs first so you can see we have
an Intel Core i7 it's an 47:10 HQ with
2.5 gigahertz right now 6 gigs of ram
and the 17.3 inch display has a
resolution of Full HD so that's 1920 by
1080 pixels over here you can see we
have a chiclet style keyboard which is
illuminated i hope you can see them but
I think it's too bright out here it's
illuminated in in red there's the numpad
and over here is a big touchpad we're
getting rated mouse buttons let's have a
look at the side so on the 17-inch model
you have an optical drive so you can
choose from DVD or in blu-ray disc
player we have 2 USB ports and on the
other side there there's a DCM there's
the Ethernet port HDMI and two USB 3.0
ports also the headphone jack and also
an SD card reader
but I really like about this device you
can see we have the aspire UV nitrile
logo over here and everything is non
glossy so we have a rubberized the
display cover is also non glossy with a
nice structure this is right now a sirs
high-end gaming device it will be
available in several configurations so
just check out your online shop or the
Acer website for all the configurations
that are available so this is again the
Acer V 17 nitrile Black Edition if you
have any questions about the device just
leave me a comment in the comment
section below so thanks for watching and
see you in my next video